Team: 
Tyler
Aneesh
Matthew

MAKING A LIST OF CARDS
There are two ways that cards can be generated by a cardList file. The main way is by reading
in a line of the form: value category
The program will simply take the value and category and make a card with those attributes.
The other way is to create a combinatorial block like this:
c
....
....
cvals
....
....
ccats

the initial c signals to the program that it is entering a combinatorial block, and every line forward will
be a single value. When the string "cvals" is read, the program starts reading in categories. "ccats" ends the
block, and the program will create cards in every combination of value and category.
There can be multiple combinatorial blocks in the file, and they can be followed by single card pairs as well.

Compilation Instructions:
There are two possible situations for compiling the project:
JDK with JavaFX included:
	Very simple. Just javac *.java in the main directory.
	
JDK without JavaFX included:
	More difficult. A JavaFX release must be downloaded to a directory
	of your choice. Then, compile the code with 
	javac --module-path /path/to/javafx/lib --add-modules javafx.base, javafx.controls, javafx.graphics *.java
	
Running the project:
JDK with JavaFX included:
	Start the server:
		java GameServer
	Start the client:
		java ClientGUI
		
JDK without JavaFX included:
	Start the server:
		java GameServer
	Start the client:
		java --module-path /path/to/javafx/lib --add-modules javafx.base, javafx.controls, javafx.graphics ClientGUI
		
 
To compile and run CardpileTest 
javac CardpileTest.java Cardpile.java Card.java 
java CardpileTest
 
To compile and run DeckTest 
javac DeckTest.java Deck.java Card.java 
java DeckTest
 
To compile and run PlayerQueueTest
Javac PlayerQueueTest.java Player.java Hand.java Card.java
Java PlayerQueueTest
 
To compile and run CardGameTest
Javac CardGameTest.java CardGame.java Deck.java Cardpile.java PlayerQueue.java Player.java Hand.java Card.java
Java CardGameTest
 
To compile and run PlayerHandTest
Javac PlayerHandTest.java Player.java Hand.java Card.java Deck.java
Java PlayerQueueTest
